Layer5 and Meshery branding update (#2814)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/news/2020/2020-10-29-kubernetes-evolves-into-an-enterprise-platform.md/index.mdx

---

> title:  "Meshery Provides the cloud native management plane and Kubernetes Evolves into an Enterprise Platform"

Author: ```suggestion
title:  "Meshery Provides the Service Mesh Management Plane and Kubernetes Evolves into an Enterprise Platform"
```
